captain well a great many people see you
as a hero there are some would prefer
the word vigilante we've operated with
unlimited power and no supervision
that's something the world can no longer
tolerate
I know how much Bucky means you stay out
of this one please you saying you'll
arrest me there will be consequences
captain you seem a little defensive
boss been a long day if you can accept
limitations we're no better than the bad
guys that's not the way I see it
sometimes I want to punch you in your
perfect teeth
what do we do we fight
you know what's about to happen
they want to punch your way out of this
sorry Tommy you know I wouldn't do this
fight any other choice but he's my
friend
so was I